hi welcome to another episode of Atkins
diet in the kitchen my name is Clark
Kent Alterman and about two years ago I
made a video on my favorite Wayne style
well you can't always have your favorite
sometimes you have to switch it up so
this this week I'm making two different
wing styles a garlic parmesan wings
somewhere to how we do at buffalo wild
wings are at my favorite local wings
place called Jethro's and then I'm also
going to do another buffalo style sauce
which is my favorite so without further
ado let's get going I have my fryer
heated up to 375 degrees I've read any
pre cut my wings so I'm going to put
about half the number of wings in there
I'm going to pull them this time with
Parmesan cheese give it a good shake
we'll throw them in the prior will let
these cook for about 15 minutes and
we'll do the others the same way so this
time we're going to add a dash of this
time we're going to add a dash of red
pepper to the
to the parmesan give it a good shake
catch the stragglers
all right just put the wings in the cut
in the refrigerator so now let's start
making the sauce the first one we're
going to make is the easiest sauce of
the tomb it's the alternative Buffalo
flavor sauce 3 tablespoons of butter
half a cup of Frank's hot sauce redhot
original to that we want to add 1
teaspoon of apple cider vinegar
one teaspoon of cholula hot sauce
because the prince isn't hot enough and
one teaspoon or the equivalent of the
liquid Splenda there we go now we just
need to let this melt and can gel well
the wings cook all right the second
sauce is we're going to be making that
gun with Parmesan sauce this takes a
little bit more time but it my wife
seems to like it a little bit more than
the buffalo sauce so we start with a
half a cup of butter
to that we want to add one to two cloves
of garlic
one teaspoon of onion salt
one fourth teaspoon of black pepper
one third cup of grated Parmesan cheese
and one third cup of shredded Parmesan
cheese
butters almost melted in this other one
so I'm going to turn down the heat just
a little bit this one is getting there
you want to make sure not to burn the
garlic that we put in
and there's one final ingredient to this
one it's a third it's a third cup of
mayonnaise that'll really help it stick
to the wings and give the sauce embody
all right we'll catch back up as the
wings finish up and we can coat them and
toss them in the in the sauce so look
learn to seeing you then bye all right
we're back the wing just came out of the
out of the fryer very crispy just
finishing giving the sauce one final
stir make sure you give it a good plot
and there you go thank you guys for
watching look forward to seeing your
comments in the section below and you
never can have a bad wing talk to you
guys later bye